GH-499: Require PR labels for changelog (#594)
apache/arrow-java: .github/pull_request_template.md

> <!-- Thank you for opening a new pull request. -->

Reviewer: I'm not sure whether comment in PR template works or not...: https://github.com/apache/arrow/issues/45485

Author: Ah, thanks for pointing that out.

I wish GitHub let you build pull request template forms the same way that you can do so for issues...I will update this

> <!-- Please add one or more of these PR labels as appropriate: bug-fix, enhancement, documentation, dependencies, chore. -->

Reviewer: How about adding a PR comment instead of this?

> <!-- Please describe your changes: -->

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Your changes
```

> <!-- If there are breaking changes, please uncomment this line: -->
> <!-- **This contains breaking changes.** -->

Reviewer: How about removing this when there are no breaking changes?

```suggestion
**This contains breaking changes.** (You can remove this if this PR doesn't have any breaking changes.)
```

> <!-- Please link any issues with closing keywords, e.g. "Closes #NNN". ->

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Closes #NNN
```
